{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh17420\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Our design has multiple users.\
 Which has multiple accounts. \
An account consist of multiple portfolios. \
A portfolio has multiple stocks.\
\
We are getting data from a text file using the url and saving it to a file. Which is being used to fetch the data.\
\
InvestmentController class is the main controller of out implementation. \
We have implemented different commands in different classes in command package.\
Command is an interface which has start as abstract method. \
Then AbstractCommand implemnets Command. All other commands like AddInvestor etc. extends AbstractCommand.\
\
\
Our design has two types of portfolios simple portfolio and investor portfolio (advancedportfolio in code).\
The simple portfolio is just the portfolio from the previous assignment.\
The investor portfolio is the portfolio which can be used to for investment.\
This portfolio can invest with two types:\
 \
one time investment - This investment is used for single investment in stock.\
					 This asks for date for investment then, number of companies to be invested in then name (ticker) of the companies, then commission, \
					then amount to be invested, then it asks if you want to set ratios. if you select no then it sets default weights if yes then you have to provide weights in format e.g 0.9 , 0.1. Which should add upto 1.\
					then go back and select 2 to see all stock shares to view the portfolio.\
\
periodic investment - This investment is used for periodic investment in stock.\
					 This asks for date for investment then, number of companies to be invested in then name (ticker) of the companies, then commission, it asks the perdicity in number of days. then it asks if you want to set an end date.\
					Here our design assumes that if a user does not add an end date then it takes current system date. \
					then amount to be invested, then it asks if you want to set ratios. if you select no then it sets default weights if yes then you have to provide weights in format e.g 0.9 , 0.1. Which should add upto 1.\
					then go back and select 2 to see all stock shares to view the portfolio.\
\
In our design basic unit of time periodicity is in number of days. which can make for all the periods from months to years.\
\
\
These are the changes we made to deploy new features.\
\
This does not change our previous design. This just extends the previous features because we have two different types of portfolios.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 When the user creates a new username, the program will create a folder with the username inside the res folder. This folder will contain all the data of this user. When the user creates a new account, it will create another folder inside the user folder with the same name as the account name.\
\
We added a method savePortfolio() to the PortfolioAdvanced interface to save all the data contained in this portfolio. It saves it as a file name \'93portfolioname\'94_prt.txt. inside the account folder. We also added a method loadPortfolio(String filename) which will load all the data and add this portfolio to the calling account object.\
\
We give the user an option to save the strategy that is used in any portfolio. It will be saved as \'93strategyName\'94_str.txt we added a method called investByStrategy(String Filename) which takes the strategy file name and then it uses this strategy to make an investment.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}